[FEATURE] ViewHelper to check feature flags (#4541)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/Configuration/FeatureToggles.rst

        # This condition matches if the feature toggle "unifiedPageTranslationHandling" is true
    [END]

..  _feature-toggles-viewhelper:

Feature toggles in Fluid
========================

..  versionadded:: 13.2

>     A new condition-based Fluid ViewHelper which allows

Reviewer: Is there a word missing like "was added" or maybe drop "which"?

>     A new condition-based Fluid ViewHelper which allows

Author: ```suggestion
    A new condition-based Fluid ViewHelper was added. It allows
```

    integrators to check for feature flags from within Fluid templates.

The :ref:`t3viewhelper:typo3-fluid-feature` can be used to check for a feature in a Fluid 
template:

..  code-block:: html
    :caption: EXT:myExtension/Resources/Private/Templates/SomeTemplate.html

>     <f:feature name="myFeatureFlag">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <f:feature name="unifiedPageTranslationHandling">
```
